Yeah, we, let's see. We were away for a bunch of the World Cup. We were at an amazing trip.
Dana's friend is Greek American and very involved in very engaged with their Greek culture,
which is like second generation, and has relatives there, and her husband is Cuban slash Spanish
American, and they live in San Diego and we don't see them that much, and they have a lot of
friends all over who they don't get to see, and they had a wedding 10 years ago that is not the
wedding that they wanted to have, but was like my big fat Greek wedding, which is to say that they,
for their 10th anniversary, they decided to really do it up and invited everybody to Greece and
Abiza for two weeks. So it was a roaming, a traveling feast. It was amazing. And yeah, we stayed in
the islands. We were in Noxos and Antipatos for a week, and then like five days in Abiza.
And he's really into, he's actually a house music producer who was a professional hip-hop producer
actually back like 25 years ago, and then kind of fell away from that, but he was still engaged
with the music, but really wasn't trying to be a professional about it, or you know, and so
therefore limited his engagement with it. But the last year or two, she basically has been able,
she's been doing really well in business, and she's like, you know what, this is your dream,
you need to like do it now or never, you know, like up your, you know, quit your, quit your job,
do music full-time, and so that's what he's been doing for the last like year. He's been maybe six
months, he's really been at it, and so he went to Abiza for a music production festival
earlier in the year, and he really, you know, loves the island. He's been like once before,
but really wanted to bring everybody to Abiza, so yeah, they like, he was our tour guide,
and we had a couple, a couple of big days slash nights of, you know, of music and that kind of
partying, but also Abiza's just a beautiful place to hang out, and very different from the Greek
islands, so yeah, it was really, it was amazing two weeks. That sounds amazing, yeah, plus like,
I mean, all the ingredients, you know, music producer, friend, who knows Abiza, I don't know,
that just sounds perfect. It was, it really was. A combination of places too. That's great.
Yeah, how's your summer been? Yeah, it's all right, it's been a little bit of a slower one,
we usually do some kind of bigger trip, but just have had like a moving target of house projects
we've had to do and kind of wait for, and it's just been a little bit more of a boring one,
just a couple little beach trips, and we were gonna do a late trip right around now, but then
had to push that off because of this stupid housework that's going on, so a little bit of a bummer
in that sense, but my kids have had a really chill time, and my daughter's my oldest is heading
into high school, so it's kind of like, might be her sort of last chance to have like really
unstructured sort of free time and really relaxed, you know, really relaxed summer, so not all that,
but for my personal taste, I think it would have rather do more, you know, just the way it worked
out this time around. Yeah, frankly, I'm more used to, at least early summer, I'm more used to
that kind of thing, just kind of hanging around and going out. I mean, we've always had
like somewhere that we could go on the weekend, so that's a nice kind of thing to have for unstructured
time. Yeah, definitely. How about running? Are you having any races on the
calendar? No, that trip was not good for my running, and then I got sick a week after I got
back, and nothing terrible, but it was like, it was just like a week of like not feeling great,
and so oh, like just when I was hoping to get back into it, but I didn't put any long distance
stuff on my calendar, and I didn't get into a lot of things, because I don't know, you probably
have no idea about New York Roadrunners, but it's a weird thing, because the New York City Marathon
basically become the biggest race organizing group in New York City has now become so much about
the money that they have incentivized everybody to sign up for every race, and the ones that people
who are a little bit more serious about running are most interested in, get swamped by people who
just want to notch up nine races so they can get automatic entry into the New York City Marathon
the next year. Yeah, so the races are expensive, you can't even get into them, and I really wanted
to do the Fifth Avenue Mile, I've been hoping to focus on like, I've been focusing on more short
distance stuff this year, and also I could have possibly scored for my team, because I'm not strong
enough in the longer distance events that we've got plenty of people who are faster half marathoners
than I am, but like, but in the mile I'm up there, so yeah, I figured if I put in a good training
block, I could possibly break five minutes or something, nice little milestone like that,
we'll see, I might still, I might still be able to, I might still put a time trial on my schedule
or find like a track race in the in the spring, I mean in the autumn that I could
benchmark or hopefully run a fast one, but yeah, it's been a little bit disappointing, but I'm also,
I'm also just adjusting where running sits in my life a little bit, and what kind of running I
want to do, I really, really wanted to focus not just on like middle distance, but even like
sprints, which is not something that a lot of adults frankly do, but it's really good for you
if you do it in a healthy way, so. Exactly, exactly, if you can handle it injury-free and all that,
I mean they're very, you know, like the field is going to be pretty small, like you're saying,
you know, so it might be easier to compete. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, it's so good for you, I
just, I was doing, I was working sprints into just my general fitness at one point a few years ago,
I really felt good, I really enjoyed it, and I guess I'm just gotten so timid and afraid of it,
now even with, I do a lot more stretching mobility type things, but I don't know, I'm just afraid,
I'm going to pop my killies, I don't know, I guess I probably want to have some coaching or
something just to. It's a good idea, frankly. Yeah, I would definitely encourage that, and also,
I mean, stretching a mobility are extremely important, the other side is strength, and I am bad
at that. I'm good at, we have a place out on Long Island, which is where I've been spending,
you know, weekends a lot, and we have a, we're near a bluff with like a hundred-foot staircase
to get down to the beach, so that's my favorite, the one strength workout that I really am able to
put on my calendar and keep it, because if it's just like doing like, I don't know, like thrusters
or with, with barbells at home, and you know, it just doesn't, somehow it doesn't inspire me,
I can do like pushups and setups, that's about it. Right, right, right, yeah, that's, that's
that staircase, that's awesome. Yeah, super recipe for doms, but for delayed onset muscle
soreness, but yeah, yeah, sure. Well, cool, let's go really get to catch up. Yeah, how can I,
how can I help with the, I'm trying to get my, I was actually just pulling up the y'all's website
and looking back at my old notes just to kind of get my head back into it. Oh nice.
Sounds like he hasn't made, made some headway, he got some traction with some accounts and everything.
A little bit, a little bit. We definitely, there's, the one that's been the best, the most
in depth exploration and they actually signed a contract, but I mean, it's, they haven't paid us
yet, so it's, you know, I consider it mostly like a moral kind of obligation on their part,
which if they decide, you know what, maybe we shouldn't have had you do all this work,
assign this and do all this work, but sorry, but we got a bounce. If that happens, then it'll be
too bad so sad, but, but I think we're going to, we're going to, their CEO is European and
it's back from vacation and they just hired a new CFO, fractional CFO. So, so we're hoping that
this week when we give him an account and he sees some of the, the workspace that, that I've set
up for them, that he'll be like, okay, yeah, this works. Basically, you know, what we, what,
what they're using it for is for an ERP that is one of these typical mid-market product
companies, things like, it's a, they're, they're a, a framing distributor for art galleries,
you know, frame shops, museums, they do, they've got a wide variety of customers,
frame shops are probably their number one or frame shop chains. They have eight warehouses
around the country. They have, and they, yeah, they have this like 30-year-old ERP that, as the CCO
put it, one of our calls just runs the company. And he's a new CEO, he's backed by a private equity
network. So, I guess he probably put up a bunch of his money and then got some people in his
network to put up some money as well, to buy this company off of a family owner.
So, this is, I think this is a really good market for us. It's, it's, it's, to describe, you know,
in, in, in more generality, companies that are, that where you're going from a well-run company
that hasn't really been serious about looking at data to a new ownership structure that is,
that wants to have really good visibility into their data. And probably, and doesn't have the
margins, doesn't want to blow up their margins by like, by, by doing a full, you know, technology
overhaul to get a, you know, a more modern system in place. This thing works, you know, a lot of
these like 30-year-old systems, they work like a charm. They just are very opaque.
Right, right. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense, actually, because then companies in that stage
of growth, especially like this one, like right after, you know, a CCO and other investors
by a company and are looking to scale, you know, that, that sort of growth trigger is, uh, yeah,
that seems like a sweet spot for sure. And, and especially, because companies like that are not
going to have internal teams focused on this, they're not going to have, you know, complex
finance team or anything like that. And they're just going to need a lot of help, um, getting answers
from their own, uh, you know, business data. So, yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
Yeah, I'm, and I'm, I'm just really, I'm really hoping that it works out with them in terms of
getting them going, because I think they would also be, they, they, they also, they might be,
if it works really well for them, then they could be a source of referrals, um, uh, they could be
a case study, um, so there's all that. And then we have, our pipeline is like a little cloudier,
um, uh, beyond that, you know, my co-founder, and since then I have become a, I'll say a 50-50
at voting partner. Um, I think I'm probably going to end up being more than 50-50 just based on
the relative amount of work that we've done on the product, um, and on the company for the last,
over the last ten months. But, um, but, you know, let's call me a 50-50 partner in this,
whereas I was a, um, a consultant, a paid consultant with a large equity stake previously.
So my part, now partner, um, has some other, he's got some interesting,
well, so he has, the years of the thing is, you know, not cannibalizing his existing business.
He makes good money in doing, uh, uh, custom software development. Um, that's been his business
for the last ten, fifteen years, building data-driven websites, um, for kind of mid-market size,
um, companies and organizations. So some of them are organizations like, um, Westchester Library
System is one of his customers. Um, some of them are kind of more, like, uh, social services
organization is one that we actually have a pretty good, that's the one I'm most optimistic could
really be a significant, um, uh, win if we're able to get them to, you know, get them signed up.
They're excited about it. They're definitely, their, their CIO is
Gung Ho, um, and he's seen early, early, you know, he's known about Dashbud for longer than I have.
Um, and they have five thousand employees, you know, um, it's really significant technology
budget, and their one, their one condition is that we're going to have to deploy it in their
Azure, um, cloud. Right. And we're deployed on AWS to be clear. But I sized up a, um, a paid,
um, uh, migration, um, you know, contract actually do that work. And so, you know, more like enterprise
style, um, engagement. But I think, you know, to get the company going, it's, it would be, I mean,
it would, they would be an excellent customer. They would be, you know, pretty big. Um, we might
have 20 or, or, or 30 seats we're thinking, um, it'd be nice to also even just to get that paid
migration work. Wouldn't be a bad little chunk of change for, for me. Um, right. And, um, and, yeah,
they, you know, they're just excited about their, their, some things like the privacy angle, um,
because we don't, uh, provide raw data, put raw data in front of, you know, AI. Um, that's
very important for them. Um, so, uh, so yes, all of all of that really lines up well. And then
there's the other, the other place we're at with that is with, with Scott's customers,
because they're an existing customer. But I think that would legitimately be an expansion for him,
not cannibalizing his business. And so that's the thing, you know, I mean, we want to get in front
of, he's got another customer. I think it's also not cannibalizing his business. But they're less,
they're less sure of where this fits in. Um, but they're in, uh, pharmacy, uh, consulting, um,
for, uh, long-term care facilities. Um, so that's a, you know, another, again, kind of, kind of,
privacy focused. Um, but it's, you know, they're, what they really want to do with the data is a
little bit more questionable, you know, their, their data, how they would, uh, how it would improve
things for them, um, and how much that aligns with like core capabilities. But, um, and then,
and then he's in this, uh, Goldman Sachs 10,000 small businesses network, um, which is like a
six-month kind of training thing where they, they take, uh, small business owners and
give them training on, um, running their business, um, and then hopefully, you know, they will
remember Goldman Sachs kindly and go to them for their, um, small, the midsize business services.
Um, but we've, we've been just recently did a presentation in front of one of their, um,
their, um, leadership, you know, alumni groups. Um, so that might, might turn into a few more
opportunities to present and, and there were some people that had some good questions that we
can follow up. I mean, he's got this whole network and he has some people from it, but I'm not
sure that I'm not sure we, we should be looking at that together. And so I think, and I think we
will be now that I was on vacation. He was on vacation. We're back, back at it. And now we've got an
updated website that I'm fairly comfortable with, although I love any feedback that you have,
um, uh, so that I can then go public myself, because right now I'm still, I'm still in stealth mode.
Dashbed isn't what I am. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure. That's cool. That's a little exciting time.
So what, um, what is the, just beyond the branding or the positioning and, and all that stuff,
um, is the current, is it fair to say that the current kind of primary mission is
find a couple of, in a, almost hand pick, a couple of initial
customers like this, um, social services organization you mentioned, you know,
customize things for them, land them, get them using the product, um, help, you know, get
their input and helping to refine it. And it may be landing a couple of those,
and then it kind of expanding from there, or you up and open to just, or you also, we're trying
to ramp up the go-to-market engine at the same time, or what's sort of like the primary number one
mission, you know, for, like, let's see the next thing. So that's a great question. I think the, um,
the, the question that I have the kind of framing question for that is, where do the, um,
you know, where would the hand picked, um, customers come from? I don't know what things will
look like when I open up, you know, will I, if I start just kind of, um, you know, cold messaging
people on LinkedIn, um, who I think would be interested in looking at it, will they, you know,
will that turn into more, um, you know, leads and, and, and if you really, really solid, um,
uh, initial customers like you described, um, you know, I kind of, I kind of would hope
that that would happen, but I don't know what it's, what it will look like, you know, um, I don't,
I'm starting to build that initial kind of outreach, um, a little bit, but I don't, I don't know
whether we can get enough looks at dashboard through that more hand-curated approach,
um, enough to, to, to land those, you know, the, a few customers, because I do think it's like a
handful of customers. It, it only needs to be a handful of customers in the first few months.
Um, or I think that would give us the, the confidence to, you know, to invest more in
publicity, um, and get more eyeballs on dashboards so that we then can, and also to improve our
story, um, provide some social proof. Yeah, exactly what I was thinking is, if, um, if you're
able, what might be ideal is, you know, in this sort of, call it, I don't know, phase, phase 0.5,
whatever you, you know, you do want to refer to it, that your, through maybe your networks,
few in your partners networks, you know, find some warm, you know, use your kind of warm
introductions, whether it's through the Goldman Sachs organization or, or something else,
get some, you call, I guess you could call them sort of beta users, even though you're not
beta, you know, but, um, as that are, you know, that, that will engage frequently and give you
frequent feedback and like that will, there'll be those really good kind of strong initial
customers, regardless of what market segment they're in. And then that can really, that might
really inform, I guess what I'm going with this is, I think you want, I'd probably want to
identify your ideal customer profile in the sense that, you know, because the tool, to me,
just looking at the outside, it looks like it's, it, like almost any organization can use it,
you know, which is a good thing, meaning it's like very universally useful, especially, and I
think you're already keying in on like mid-market companies that are sort of transitioning into a
more formal, corporate structure and needing more data and so on. That probably, I'm guessing,
it probably is the sweet spot because what I've always, what I really liked about what I can see
with Dash, but it's, it's the simplicity. And that's what I thought was a strength, comparing it
against the competitors I could see as a, as a dummy looking in from the outside, is, is the
simplicity, I think that is so, I think everyone is craving that, that level of simplicity, just,
I just want answers, I don't want to have to spend 18 months learning that complicated software
package. But anyway, where I was going with that is, maybe, you know, see if you can net down,
kind of do two things in parallel. One, land those first couple of customers that, from any industry
that are willing to, like, really invest in time with you and, you know, fine tune the product,
and you know, you'll work out details of pricing and that kind of thing, you know, through that
kind of journey. And at the same time, getting really focused on a industry segment and a company
size and profile that you think would be the best, the best targets to really focus on. So,
you might still do your kind of mass blast LinkedIn marketing type stuff, but what you also,
I think, want to do is like a really surgical, like, might, like, put a microscope on this
industry segment and come up with a target list of, you know, pretty short, like, maybe a couple
hundred logos that you want to really focus on, you can customize the message and so forth.
Um, um, that to me, just, I'm still in here, but I don't know, does that feel like
that it is that that would fit right? Yeah, I think so. I think if, so, you know, and this is where my,
um, my, let's say, um, you know, um, marketing, market research experience runs a little thin,
but if, yeah, if there's a, I don't know, because I'm not sure exactly how to do that, but, um,
um, but to get, you know, to get about 200, um, targets would, I think, you know, want to get us
down to a really solid five, you know? Yeah, exactly. Something like that. You just need to,
you don't need a high conversion rate, you know, but just, um, yeah, just a handful out of that
initial list of a couple hundred. The way, well, let me just ask the general question,
do you guys have a gut feel? You know, again, because Dashboard is so, like, I mean, you've just
in your examples, you mentioned of like a framing distributor and you mentioned like the social
services company, two very different industries that both see value in the product, which is a
good thing. Do you have a sense of, if you had to pick a market to go after, meaning like an
industry segment, do you know what that would be? Do you know what industry segment you think
would be a really good, um, would, you know, would have really good potential customers in it?
That's, that's, so this is the thing. This is where like the two stores of Dashboard run parallel
and against each other, or, you know, differently. Um, as much as we've refined Dashboard's product,
based on, you know, my involvement and, um, observing like what makes a good product,
and observing some of the characteristics of the customer target customers that we had early on.
A lot of this kind of comes from Scott's original business and he doesn't have that kind of focus.
Um, he's made most of his, um, his sales through connections is my understanding.
And where he's found interest in his kind of, um, services is, um, in, you know, among,
people who, among companies that are kind of mid market or organizations that have a kind,
that kind of, that, that size, um, but also for whatever reason, these kind of
healthcare or social services companies that have, um, some need for privacy.
And if you look at, you know, if you look at Avalidix's customer list, it's, it's his consulting company.
Um, it's, you know, again, it's, I mentioned a library system. Um,
there's all, and then there's here, here are some examples. I'll just give you, because I really
think it's, this is kind of important aspect of the, some, because I haven't really figured out
how to piece exactly that question to, to the answer to that question together. I'm sort of
taking it apart for you right now, life. Um, but I, but I see, so,
Westchester library system, um, you know, let's not talk about that one. That's, it's not an
outlier, but it's, um, but it's, but it's hard to relate to the other ones. He has an, um,
an animal hospital network that has, um, maybe 200, um, offices.
He has a, um, a, a, uh, a, uh, a, a, a, a private equity roll up, um, called Summit,
of car wash outlets. So a lot of multi-site, let's put it that way. Um, uh, yeah.
Yeah, this, the, the pharma company,
I was called pharma care.
So they have a lot, they, you know,
they, they're not as much multi-site,
but they have several large customers,
like networks of long-term care facilities.
And I could sort of leave it there as kind of the,
then the, the, the scope of,
because I think I don't,
I don't really know how many active,
of all it is.
He also has some people who are just paying,
who doesn't, maybe he doesn't think of
as being potential dashboard customers,
because they don't seem to have the ability
to maybe expand beyond,
and, or maybe they've never needed work
that they then couldn't pay for,
because that's, you know, another reason for dashboard is that,
you want some more capabilities,
you don't have the budget to pay for a custom,
you know, for, for some new custom pages to be developed.
Well, if these are just, you know,
data display pages, then dashboard can fill that gap.
But those are the ones that he has,
I've introduced the idea of dashboard,
to and who have taken some interest in it.
Interesting.
Yeah, okay.
So I think that is interesting that multi-site team,
you're, you're pointing out, yeah.
It's definitely a way that you end up
with more complex data needs,
that it's kind of the scaling outward,
rather than in terms of depth.
Yeah, definitely.
That's interesting.
You know, it may take, it really may take some trial and error,
like, you know, but I think I might have mentioned this to you
in Scotland, did you ever listen to the,
how I built this podcast?
No, I think you mentioned it to me,
and I never got a chance to check it out.
Yeah, check it out.
It's like, I mean, they're up to several hundred episodes now,
so you could probably find like any company you can think of
that has interviewed with him,
that hosts his name Guy Ross,
and it's an NPR produced.
Oh, right, right.
I knew that, no, the name Guy Ross,
because he's on the morning edition,
sometimes, or something like that.
Right, yeah.
But these got some great,
I mean, I bet you could,
if you kind of pick around with some of the companies,
some of them are software, some of them are just,
I mean, you'll find everything there,
but there are definitely like,
patterns that you can pick up from some of those episodes.
But anyway, point is that one of the themes
in a lot of the episodes is that nobody really knew
their ideal customer at the start,
and thought they were gonna head in one direction,
and then there was usually this epiphany moment,
usually kind of with a customer,
or a customer asked a question,
that sort of sent them a new direction,
and then they finally found their sweet spot,
and knew who to go settle to after that.
Right.
Anyway, point is you don't have to decide this now,
but what you may think about is sort of a direction,
even if it isn't your final direction,
just a way to kind of make your ideal targets
more manageable so that you can focus your outbound
effort and therefore get greater traction
and better response, right?
Right, right.
It's a total scatter shot, you know.
Right, right, right.
And like you're saying, maybe this kind of multi-site,
like another, well, general thoughts
as you're describing these organizations,
one is that you probably, I'm just gonna guess
that you may be wasting your time with like tech startups
and software companies and so forth,
because they are usually gonna be further down the track
on this, and they can probably build their own data
analytics platforms if they wanted to.
And so maybe that's maybe that's one segment
to kind of rule out and instead focus on
like you're saying, multi-site service businesses,
and maybe even manufacturing businesses,
that framing company kind of reminded,
even though they may not be manufacturing their distributor,
which means they're sort of a supply chain and all that.
Yes.
They've got a manage, so there's kind of business complexity
inventory management and stuff like that.
They're most certainly is.
Yeah, but I looked at their warehousing details,
which is one of the exports that they sent to us.
And yeah, it was, it didn't, it wasn't,
I've seen some ERP models that are actually like
where you have the, you know, the recipe
for the how you construct a motherboard
or whatever, or how you construct a computer
from a motherboard and different components.
And so they don't have that exactly,
but the combinations of different products and skews
and stuff that they sell together is definitely.
Yeah.
Yeah, complicated.
Yeah, exactly.
One other point of the, sorry.
I'm trying to think of other types of organizations
that would come to mind, but yeah, so that, anyway,
just thinking in terms of those types of categories
may help.
And then from there, once you have a couple of segments
in mind, then something like just to get,
just to give you kind of a tactical recommendation
as you might look into, for example,
LinkedIn sales navigator.
It's one of their premium, you know,
or their paid, like user accounts,
and that will enable you to do like really
kind of detailed filtering.
So you can filter by all different kinds of things,
but certainly revenue and company size and industry
and all that, and, you know, that can help you
that down to, you know, to some viable targets as well.
Anyway, I guess, so what's in my mind is sort of trying
to think through, like, even if it's changes 10 times,
you know, between now and whatever,
it having a starting point for who you think is going
to be a great customer, and really going after them,
kind of somewhat surgically.
Right.
So that you get higher traction, higher conversion,
more demos, more conversations,
you know, in more of a rapid fire format,
or a rapid fire pace, while at the same time,
you are also kind of nurturing these warm relationships
that you might know from just any old industry,
and trying to convert them into sort of marquee
beta customers, or, you know, early adopters,
that kind of thing, and maybe working those two things
simultaneously, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah, as you've been talking about the value
of, like, identifying a more particular ICP,
it occurred to me that one of the things that is,
it's like, one of the benefits is upstream
with our own process, because, you know,
honing a pitch or an offer as my,
I have a friend who does performance marketing
has introduced me to the kind of offer theory idea,
forget the name of the guy who's, like,
most associated with it, but, you know,
so this is, I think that's an interesting framing.
I don't know if you've dug into that.
It's a little bit, like, seems a little bit.
Guru worship ish, you know, people,
people latching on to a way of framing things
that is associated with one person,
because that person is very charismatic, and, yeah.
No, I don't know the offer theory offhand,
but what's the gist of that one?
The gist is that there's a, there's an ideal way,
a very effective, maybe not ideal,
but a very effective way of framing,
what you're, what, what you're offering
to a business customer,
and that is you start with the dream, you know,
you dream outcome, and it's gotta be something
that's truly compelling for them, you know,
to if they could have this, and they would,
then they would pay good money for it.
And then you discount that by, and this is what you also provide
is you try to provide them with confidence
that you can actually deliver it,
because they will discount their interest
in your proposal by, in your dream,
the dream that you're selling by the amount
that the degree do they think that it's actually
going to happen for them, and then,
and then the time, effort, and expense on their part.
Yeah, definitely, yeah.
I'm familiar with kind of like the,
not by name, but the general concept, yeah.
And, you know, that might, that's another thing
that I would recommend keeping somewhat simple for now,
because, you know, I think that's something to aspire to,
but you may not even know enough
about that kind of product market fit,
and what dream to even talk to people about that's fair.
Yeah, you know, until you go,
I mean, I don't know, you may, you may know that,
well, no, actually, and so, my friend Matt love it,
who's the one who, who introduced me to this concept,
is what he does from a performance marketing perspective,
is he tries out different offers.
So he puts those in front of people,
and then he lets them, you know,
weed themselves out by how much traction he gets
with each one.
So I think you're right.
Latching on to a single framing of what you're offering
is not, you know, I mean, you have to,
well, actually, so then this is the other thing,
when you were talking about the,
what I was, when I got kind of sidetracked
by using the word offer,
the upstream benefit that I think is,
that focusing on an ideal customer
creates is, you're forced to kind of narrow your pitch,
narrow your communication to a smaller group,
and that kind of, that probably,
as it seems like it would have very beneficial effects
on how, on the traction you can get.
Because if you're seeing, I know, here's, you know,
you're targeting so and so so, you know,
this much more about them,
so you're able to focus that much more clearly
on their own problems,
you know, rather than boiling the ocean,
or sounding like you're just selling some,
you know, crazy dream that could apply to anybody.
Exactly, yeah.
And I think the other thing too,
especially if you're gonna focus on this kind of mid-market,
you know, broad mid-market segment of companies
that don't have, they aren't big enough to have
all the internal support they need,
but are big enough that they really need information
for the growth,
then they are going to need to see,
like, what you're offering very clearly and tangibly.
It, you know, in a way that they understand,
because they're not data, you know,
you're gonna, you, you won't,
you're not selling to data analytics experts,
and that's where I think, as I was looking at
potential competitors,
I don't even know if those are the right ones,
that's what I think they were kind of,
maybe, and again, maybe they were aiming
for a different segment in the market,
like a more sophisticated enterprise type,
you know, mega multinational accounts or whatever,
but what I felt like they were doing was just taking
a lot for granted in terms of what the reader understood
about analytics and business data,
and just jumping way past that and going straight
to like all this fancy, like, you know, bells and whistles,
and, you know, if I'm like a business owner out there,
and I'm looking for easier,
because that's really, I think, what's more important,
than the most comprehensive, I think,
the most important that is easier,
if I'm looking for easy data analytics
to get quick answers about my business,
I'm gonna look for something that says that to me
versus, like, hyper complexity, you know what I mean?
Anyway, I'm just brainstorming.
Hey, real quick, I started to kind of jump here,
but I didn't, I thought I was clear at one o'clock,
I just realized I have something.
Oh, no problem.
But I can pick back up this afternoon.
Oh, yeah.
Keep chatting, would you like to do that?
Yeah, I would love to.
Let me look at, do you want to just hop off right now
and get on what you need, and we can figure out a time?
Yeah, it sounds good, I should be done with this
and then I should grab a little lunch,
so maybe something like 2, 3, 3, or something like that.
But we can figure it out by text or something.
It sounds good, yeah.
All right, man.
Awesome, thanks.
Sorry about that.
No problem.
Okay, bye, talk to you.
Bye.
